what's up guys my champion pros um I
wanna give a quick on bass test right
quick
another quick base test showing you what
these are say thirty five hundred watt
thousand watt RMS all cells can do and
no I just want to say young thirty-five
hundred watt on Pete don't believe it
you know it's not true it's no way that
these cells can can get up to thirty
five hundred watt Pete you know because
I I'm not hearing it you know but the
RMS um it might be true but as far as
thirty five hundred watt that's kind of
like alright there you know and I'm a
prime example because I got four of them
and my trunk and uh I just want to show
you what these guys can do you know
click a quick update Oh brilliant no no
update you know everything I'm just
showing everything still intact you know
and they still sound the same I didn't
know no cells I've been blown or or
anything and they I think they've broken
in I'm not I'm not sure they might be
broken in already
if not they definitely getting there but
everything that you see is temporary
like these amps he's probably cool
against this boss audio battery
capacitor everything is temporary I plan
on getting home I plan on getting
getting either for more subs I'm not
sure how they're gonna fit in here and
man but apparently they're getting for
more or just getting like for more subs
that hit harder than these ones you know
and definitely in the future um
everything everything is everything that
you see right now is temporary in the
future everything will be changed you
know because I'm trying to have a
screaming loud system you know and I'm -
that's actually based Axworthy so I'm
going to give a quick base test right
quick and I'm bout to play on my boy go
by the name of our evil pimp if y'all
know about evil pimp then
go to search youtube or google his name
up and on the song about a place called
make a wrong move and here we go
don't get me wrong though you saw the
dude has done damage you know and they
sound pretty good but I need I need
louder honey I need I need more base
that light a lot more basic well here we
go just a second
liking this back to pretty good oh here
we go
how
I don't know if you see by my window is
actually flexing
in
okay that's it get you guys in a little
bit